Wait a minute.
Big brother haha
The bitter boss is here
Are you losing your welcome?
Where is Lin Zhengqiang
When do we start negotiating?
Master Lin, he is busy with his business
It's such a small thing.
Let's just talk, you're fucking punching your nose in your face, right?
little dragon
When Lao Tzu sat in the new top spot in Southern Province
Are you still parking at Erma Road?
Cover volume
Don't play tricks for me
Seven days to the west
Boss Gu is a man
Don't always live in a dream
Open the shelves, Nanshen 13 debut, Nissan BRICS 3,000
Plus 34 skilled workers
A total of 280 million in cash
Oops, since Gu Da is in such a hurry to use money
Then I'll pay for it.
2.80 million are you fucking kidding us?
Gu Zhongxiong, you don't pee and take a picture of yourself
You're running out of money now.
What choice do you have?
Hello Mr. Li
The original offer was reduced tenfold for me
Ten times tell Wu Chengxiong
The remaining account is his daughter's proposition
Linger must convince your mother
Take the initiative to explain these to this person
Fight for supply in the bag
Can my dad still be popular?
It depends on his personal insignificance, Brother Cangfeng
Linger has something to say, I don't know if I should ask
Are you really an undercover agent sent by Jingwei?